Hello to welcome back to the course on blog chain.
And today we got the plan of attack for Winchell to who's going to be massive.
So the plan of attack will really help us understand how are we going to get through all of these tutorials
that statute into it.
All right.
In this module we will learn about one What is Bitcoin and this tutorial is important because we're
not just talking about Bitcoin.
We'll get a bird's eye view of this whole crypto space in general.
We'll see the three different layers of technology there.
The protocol there the token lair.
On the stand.
What's different particles exist.
Why Bitcoin is the protocol.
And well the difference between coins and tokens and things like that.
So a lot of foundational things that will put the right.
Give us the right start for the rest of not just the section but for the rest of the whole course.
Next we'll talk about bitcoins monetary policy just like with central banks of governments which have
more trade policies because it has its own monetary policy which is different in the way that it is
governed entirely by the software.
There's going to be an interesting tutorial there will talk about mining difficulties and will solidify
the things that we learned in Module 1 and take them to the next level and really see how Bitcoin through
software.
So these two tutorials the links help with how the software actually is created in the way that it facilitates
that monetary policy.
So very interesting it's going to be difficult to tutorial.
I'll warn you in advance.
But it's an important tutorial to really put all those things we talked about.
Module 1 and we started talking about module 2 together to understand how it all links up.
Then we'll talk about a virtual tour of biquad minds we'll kind of take a break and just have a look
at what it what minds look like so big industrial level Bitcoin was what they look like from inside
the I think is going to be interesting to see how what it's all about.
So not just like sit in the computer but see it in real life for what it is.
What is it.
What is it physically.
There was money pools.
How miners get together to form mining pools and then we'll have an interesting tutorial on the knowns
range.
So we've already spoken about the lawns and in this tutorial some additional information will be uncovered
about the nodes and we'll see on one hand some interesting things on the other hand will be some challenges
that this will pose and how are we going to answer them how we're going to tackle those.
How does a software tackle those.
So we'll get into even more technical detail about how bitcoins and watchings work I think is also very
important to be aware of these things understand that because a lot of the time people overlook them
and then they run into problems or they just don't like they're not up to date with why certain things
are happening in the technology.
They will talk about how miners make transactions so transactions are a very important component of
the block chain are reasonable or change because that's what it's all about.
To be able to transact shows.
So we'll see what how transactions are added.
The portion of it will be a two parter on the second part will actually have a look at some examples
of stats and actual long lived love change transactions on line then we'll talk about hardware for Bitcoin
mining and not just because money Ganey cryptocurrency mining Seabees use and A-6 and some interesting
things.
So if you're for example if you haven't heard of ACX before this will be a very good tutorial to get
into that to understand what this space are all about and what's the difference between guz and sex
and how it all plays out in different cryptograms or your real cover of Theoria Bitcoin and see a few
others along the way too.
Are also Goldmember tools and how they work as a staging area for transactions before transactions get
into the book chain.
Where do they reside and how does that how does information propagate around the network from ampoules.
Then we talked about orphan blocks what happens when there's two competing Shanes Remember we mentioned
orphan blocks and Munjal one will here will understand what happens to them in the sense of the transactions
in them and how we will see some examples of orphan blocks of line.
And then you'll talk about the 51 percent attack will completely demystify this concept.
Because a lot of people don't have the right idea what the future 1 percent attack is so we'll discuss
what it is not and what he is and you will be absolutely clear from now on whenever you hear people
talking about the dreaded and mysterious if you want business you'll know exactly what they're talking
about and why it's dangerous.
And finally at the end we'll have an exit Troil.
How to convert bids to target is more of a mathematical tutorial or a good to know you don't have to
go through that one.
That's just some stuff especially if you're a developer in the space of chain then you will probably
benefit from that tutorial.
Otherwise you can feel free to skip it or just use it for general knowledge.
And then we go that's our plan we've got 12 tutorials plus one extra one in this Munjal.
It's a massive module but it's going to be lots of fun and afterwards you will walk away so much more
well-versed in a block Shanes and because you will truly take your skills together.
We will take your block change skills and cryptocurrency skills to a whole new level.
Superoxide about this let's get started.